{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww51000\viewh25760\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Time and money.\
\
Introduction : \
\
The correct logical answer to a problem does not solve it all. Using logic always implies to reduce a problem scope. \
Where many of our today problems are more about a feeling small, or useless in the big world machine. \
Is there a mathematical scope for those who feel sad or useless. \
\
Draft 1 :\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\f1\i Lenny walking in the street. \
Lenny stops next to a donuts shop.
\f0\i0 \
\
Lenny thinking \'97 My wallet fells like that.\
\

\f1\i Lenny meets his friend Sally in the street.
\f0\i0 \
\
Sally \'97 Hey Lenny, how have you been.\
Lenny \'97 Well\'85 not bad, what about you?\
Sally \'97 Awesome, I haven\'92t been that good in years.\
\

\f1\i Lenny smiles they look down.\
\
Sally looks at him.
\f0\i0 \
\
Sally \'97 You seem worried what happened?  \
Lenny \'97 Nothing, I am just broke and I don\'92t know what to do.\
Sally \'97 I just quitted my job, I\'92am broke too.\
Lenny \'97 How come, you where making big money.\
Sally \'97 I burned most of it, I was bored like hell working.\
Lenny \'97 And how do you manage with money ?\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 Sally \'97 I just divided what I got left in 12. I got one year to try. \
Lenny \'97 That\'92s nice ! Tell me.\
Sally \'97 I just got the name : \'ab\'a0La bouche joyeuse\'a0\'bb. The happy mouth in french.\
Lenny \'97 Sorry, but \'85 it sound\'92s like porn.\
Sally(disgusted) \'97 \'85 Really ?!\
Lenny \'97 Uh \'85 The translation does.\
Sally(winks) \'97 Anyway. It make sense for a French restaurant.\
\

\f1\i Lenny step back he feels the urge to go.\

\f0\i0 \
Lenny \'97 Nice seeing you, good luck with your plan\
Sally \'97 Take care, call me someday.\
\
Lenny thinking : Divide the money, that\'92s the thing. I\'92ll make it like her.\
\

\f1\i One week later.
\f0\i0  \
Lenny thinking : Still broke, and doing nothing but counting my money.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 Lenny thinking : Let\'92s call Molly she\'92s my best friend after all.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Molly \'97 Hi Lenny, how have you been ?\
Lenny \'97 Not that good, I\'92d say.\
Molly \'97 What is the matter ?\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 Lenny - I am broke. I am struggling not to spend the few money I got left.\
Molly \'97 That\'92s not easy, you call me after so long, because you feel bad ?\
\

\f1\i Silence.\

\f0\i0 \
Molly - Your situation as changed just adapt to it.\
Lenny \'97 Easy to say. I\'92m just fucked.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 Molly - You could complain about being fucked. Is it what you want?\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 Lenny - Well, not really, but it does not really help me going through this.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 Molly - Maybe it does, did you see your Friends lately ?\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 Lenny - Not really I was busy.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 Molly - Are you busy now ?\
Lenny - I can\'92t afford being busy.\
Molly - So you can see your friends.\
Lenny - I am calling you right now.\
Molly - Yes, because you are broke, at least it gave me the opportunity to hear about you.\
Lenny - I saw Sally in the street, she told me to divide my money by the number of days until my next payment.\
Molly - That\'92s our Sally, how is she ?\
Lenny - Kind of good, she just quitted her job. She want\'92s to open a French restaurant. She already found the name : \'ab\'a0La bouche joyeuse\'a0\'bb.\
Molly - Nice to hear. \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f1\i \cf0 Silence.
\f0\i0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Molly \'97 What would you like to do, if you were to change job ?\
Lenny \'97 That\'92s a good question\'85 I don\'92t know.\
Molly \'97 You told me you had time.\
Lenny \'97 Yes since I can\'92t afford anything.\
Molly \'97 What to do is a question that takes time.\
Lenny \'97 Well I have now two problems, no money, and I don\'92t know what to do.\
Molly \'97 No money gives you time. Knowing what you do needs time.\
Lenny(angry) \'97 I could have found it myself, but you\'92re wrong because time is money.\
Molly(laughing) \'97 Let\'92s go for a walk, luckily this time we\'92ll find a lonely piece of money.\
\
}