{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-BoldMT;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww51000\viewh25760\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Time and money.\
\

\f1\b Idea : 
\f0\b0 \
\
The correct logical answer to a problem does not solve it all. Using logic always implies to reduce a problem scope. \
Where many of our today problems are more about a feeling small, or useless in the big world machine. \
Is there a mathematical scope for those who feel sad or useless. \
\

\f1\b Story :
\f0\b0 \
\

\f1\b Panel 1:
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f2\i \cf0 Lenny walking in the street.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f1\i0\b \cf0 Panel 2:
\f2\i\b0 \
Lenny stops next to a donuts shop.
\f0\i0 \
\

\f1\b Panel 3:
\f0\b0 \
Lenny thinking \'97 My wallet fells like that.\
\

\f1\b Panel 4:
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f2\i \cf0 Lenny meets his friend Sally in the street.
\f0\i0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f1\b \cf0 Panel 5:
\f0\b0 \
Sally \'97 Hey Lenny, how have you been.\
Lenny \'97 Well\'85 not bad, what about you?\
Sally \'97 Awesome, I haven\'92t been that good in years.\
\

\f1\b Panel 6:
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f2\i \cf0 Lenny smiles they look down.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f1\i0\b \cf0 Panel 7:
\f2\i\b0 \
Sally looks at him.
\f0\i0 \
\

\f1\b Panel 8:
\f0\b0 \
Sally \'97 You seem worried what happened?  \
Lenny \'97 Nothing\'85\
\

\f1\b Panel 9:
\f0\b0 \
Sally moves her bag from one shoulder to the other\
\

\f1\b Panel 10:
\f0\b0 \
Sally \'97 Come on, we\'92re not strangers.\
\

\f1\b Panel 11:
\f0\b0 \
Lenny moves his eyes from the floor and looks at Sally with fear in his eyes.\
\

\f1\b Panel 12:
\f0\b0 \
Lenny \'97 \'85 I am just broke and I don\'92t know what to do.\
\

\f1\b Panel 13:
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f2\i \cf0 Sally joins her arms thinking of what to say, she kind of moved by him.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f1\i0\b \cf0 Panel 14:
\f2\i\b0 \
silence 
\f0\i0 \
\

\f1\b Panel 15:
\f0\b0 \
Sally(speaks fast) \'97 I just quitted my job, I\'92am broke too.\
Lenny(astonished) \'97 How come, you where making big money.\
Sally(kind of proud) \'97 I burned most of it, I was bored like hell working.\

\f1\b \
Panel 16:
\f0\b0 \
Sally(kind of proud) \'97 I am planing to open a restaurant.\
Lenny \'97 And how do you manage with money ?\
Sally \'97 I just divided what I got left in 12. I got one year to try. \
\

\f1\b Panel 17:
\f0\b0 \
Lenny(Surprised) \'97 That\'92s nice ! Tell me.\
\

\f1\b Panel 18:
\f0\b0 \
Sally \'97 I just got the name : \'ab\'a0La bouche joyeuse\'a0\'bb. The happy mouth in french.\
Lenny(laughing) \'97 Sorry, but \'85 it sound\'92s like porn.\
\

\f1\b Panel 19:
\f0\b0 \
Sally(disgusted) \'97 \'85 Really ?!\
Lenny(shameful) \'97 Uh \'85 The translation does.\
\

\f1\b Panel 20:
\f0\b0 \
Sally(winks) \'97 Anyway. It make sense for a French restaurant.\
\

\f1\b Panel 21:
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f2\i \cf0 Lenny steps back feeling the urge to go.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\i0 \cf0 \

\f1\b Panel 22:
\f0\b0 \
Lenny(shy) \'97 Nice seeing you, good luck with your nice plan.\
Sally(sad) \'97 Take care\'85 call me someday.\
\

\f1\b Panel 23:
\f0\b0 \
Lenny thinking : Divide the money, that\'92s the thing. I\'92ll make it!\
\

\f1\b Panel 24:
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f2\i \cf0 One week later.
\f0\i0  \

\f2\i \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f1\i0\b \cf0 Panel 25:
\f2\i\b0 \
Lenny walking in the street.(same panel as before) 
\f0\i0 \
\

\f1\b Panel 26:
\f0\b0 \
Lenny thinking : Still broke, and doing nothing but counting my money.\
\

\f1\b Panel 27:
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f2\i \cf0 Lenny calling his best friend Molly. The phone rings\'85
\f0\i0  \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f1\b \cf0 Panel 28:
\f0\b0 \
Molly \'97 Hi Lenny, how have you been ?\
Lenny \'97 Not that good, I\'92d say.\
\

\f1\b Panel 29:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f2\i\b0 \cf0 silence
\f0\i0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f1\b \cf0 Panel 30:
\f0\b0 \
Molly \'97 What is the matter ?\
Lenny - I am broke. I am struggling not to spend the few money I got left.\
Molly \'97 That\'92s not easy, you call me after so long, because you feel bad ?\
\

\f1\b Panel 31:
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f2\i \cf0 silence\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\i0 \cf0 \

\f1\b Panel 32:
\f0\b0 \
Molly - Did you see your Friends lately ?\
Lenny - Not really I was busy.\
\

\f1\b Panel 33:
\f0\b0 \
Molly(speaking fast) - Are you busy now ?\
Lenny(desperate) - I can\'92t afford being busy.\
\

\f1\b Panel 34:
\f0\b0 \
Molly(unconcerned) - So you can see your friends.\
Lenny(felling attacked) - I am calling you right now.\
Molly(not caring) - Yes, because you are broke, at least it gave me the opportunity to hear about you.\
\

\f1\b Panel 35:
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f2\i \cf0 silence
\f0\i0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f1\b \cf0 Panel 36:
\f0\b0 \
Molly(upset) \'97 I hope I am not the only one\'85\
Lenny(faking a good mood) - I saw Sally the other day.\
\

\f1\b Panel 37:
\f0\b0 \
Molly(happy) - How is she ?\
Lenny - Kind of good, she just quitted her job. She want\'92s to open a French restaurant. She already found the name : \'ab\'a0La bouche joyeuse\'a0\'bb.\
Molly(happy) - Nice to hear. I wish I had her courage. What would you like to do, if you were to change job ?\
\

\f1\b Panel 38:
\f0\b0 \
Lenny(felling lost) \'97 That\'92s a good question\'85 I don\'92t know.\
\

\f1\b Panel 39:
\f0\b0 \
Molly(\uc0\u8234 playful\uc0\u8236 ) \'97 You told me you had time.\
Lenny(upset) \'97 Yes since I can\'92t afford anything.\
\

\f1\b Panel 40:
\f0\b0 \
Molly(more playful) \'97 What to do is a question that takes time.\
Lenny(more upset) \'97 Well I have now two problems, no money, and I don\'92t know what to do.\
\

\f1\b Panel 41:
\f0\b0 \
Molly(proud of her) \'97 No money gives you time. Knowing what you do needs time.\
Lenny(angry) \'97 I could have found it myself, but you\'92re wrong because time is money.\
\

\f1\b Panel 42:
\f0\b0 \
Molly(laughing) \'97 Let\'92s go for a walk, luckily this time we\'92ll find a lonely piece of money.\
Lenny(feeling a bit better) \'97 You\'92re right, I\'92d be happy to meet you.\
\
}